these I was expecting we've got the
OnePlus 12 and 12r with OnePlus proudly
displaying their never settle slogan and
talking a lot about a return to their
Flagship killer routs what I wasn't
expecting is this a 50 wat wireless
charger this thing will charge
wirelessly faster than most phones
charge over a wire even many flagships
like oh I don't know the iPhone 15 and
the Samsung s24 Ultra we're going to get
to that in a minute let's start with the
OnePlus 12 they have absolutely packed
this thing with kind of jaw-dropping
claims oh wow is that ever gorgeous jeez
Oppo has always pushed the envelope when
it comes to the design of their backs
sorry they have packed this thing with
features with everything from 80 W wired
charging with their super vuk technology
which no way they actually include a
capable charger in the Box what an idea
to 50 W wireless charging to a claimed
Peak brightness of
4,500 nits on their OLED display now we
weren't able to measure that outside of
the developer menu where they have a
peak brightness test and then you can
shine a bright flashlight into the
ambient light sensor in order to get it
to hit that number OnePlus also claimed
20 hours of YouTube playback which this
phone completely annihilated we saw
almost 28 hours of playback in YouTube
at 200 nits display brightness wow on
the outside of the phone we've got The
Usual Suspects with our lock button
volume rocker does this thing have an IR
emitter super cool Amplified earpiece
speaker and bottom speaker Sim slot and
USBC charging port along with oneplus's
trademark notification slider you got to
love to see it and on the inside it's
got the latest Snapdragon 8 gen 3
processor with oneplus's biggest vapor
chamber cooler to date they're saying
it's about 14 Square in in area which is
pretty wild when you consider the
overall size of the device OnePlus says
this contributes to both the cooling of
the screen and cooling of the S so but
we'll get to this in a little bit more
detail later we found that having a
bigger Vapor chamber doesn't necessarily
help you avoid thermal throttling if you
don't add any kind of active cooling to
the outside of the device the cameras
are another big area of focus for
OnePlus that is a sizable camera bump
but far from the deepest one that I've
seen lately it's pretty manageable and
we're looking at a 50 megap main shooter
with a 64 megapixel Periscope telephoto
and a 48 megapix ultrawide that is a
really fast lens on the main shooter too
f1.6 with Optical image stabilization
actually have pretty high expectations
for this the one area where OnePlus has
really struggled for me in the past has
been video but in terms of photo like
man that's responsive that's a ton of
dynamic range like I really just don't
don't really know what I would complain
about stutter though as I'm panning
around yeah it's no iPhone is it it's
not bad but it's no iPhone there's one
thing that you got to give to Apple God
does video ever look good on the iPhone
excuse me excuse me on
iPhone inside the phone we've got Wi-Fi
7 Bluetooth 5.4 12 or 16 gigs of RAM
with 256 or 512 gigs of storage and
Corning victus 2 glass with an aluminum
frame enough about the 12 because the 12
okay Flagship killer I guess now that
flagships are
$1,200 the 12r is the one that I think
is going to be in a more interesting
price band for many of our viewers today
it's got a lot of the same goodness as
the 12 it's got that same 4500 nit Peak
brightness on its also ltpo 120 HZ
AMOLED display for that oh so butter
smoothness it's got the same number of
cameras but they have been downgraded a
touch it's got the same support for 80 w
super vuk charging including an included
charging brick which is really nice to
see but it's got a bit of a smaller
screen and some other unexpected
exclusions no wireless charging although
that does come with a benefit you
actually get a 100 mamp larger battery
in the 12r and that did result in real
world G GES in battery life this thing
saw almost 30 hours of battery life in
our YouTube playback test that is
flipping impressive but the bigger one
is that it uses the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2
it is using a last generation chipset
however as we saw in our performance
testing this might not be as big of a
deal to you as you might think as it
turns out in our Benchmark Suite which
admittedly at this point is going to
need some upgrading the real world
differ difference in performance is
almost negligible because we are more
often capped by the frame rate limiter
of the applications that we are running
than by the performance of the S so
another thing that we noticed when we
were doing our performance testing was
that in our stress test the 12 actually
thermal throttled so much that even
though it scores much higher in
synthetic benchmarks like 3D Mark when
you run them over and over and over
again it throttles down to Performance
that is only about 10% High so if you're
a hardcore mobile gamer and you're going
to be playing for hours at a time the
real world difference in performance
might not be that much now some of that
can be accounted for by the slightly
higher resolution of the OnePlus 12's
screen but not all of it it does have
the same victus two glass covering but
what it doesn't have is the same storage
options it's only available with 128 or
256 gigs of storage I also haven't
really tried the camera yet so here's
what we're going to do I'm going to take
some pictures with this after I tell you
about our sponsor oh God it's
dbrand they are supporting the OnePlus
12 show images on screen apparently
that's all dbrand wants me to say about
their OnePlus 12 skins because they
instead wanted to use this ad spot to
make me read a Reddit thread I assume
that's why you're standing here with a
computer oh this I've seen the Reddit
thread let's get D Brand's attention to
sponsor lonus to dye his hair blonde
again upside down smiley face it should
be for charity like sponsoring a
computer Club you now you've put me in a
position where if I say no I'm basically
saying no to Children you know what you
did I should be using this as an
opportunity see look that is the face of
a that's the mug of a man who knows what
he did I guess let dbrand know in the
comments if you'd like me to disappoint
children or if you'd like me to raise
some money money for children uh I can
hardly tell this these cameras are not
as good it looks like I've got something
on the lens but I did
[Music]
not Stills are all right though yeah
Stills are all right that video quality
though and I haven't even tried the
ultra wide yet it's only 8 megapixels
that's one of the biggest downgrades
over the OnePlus 11 because otherwise on
paper the 12r looks like an amazing
Choice compared to the 11 they've got
very similar specs other than we get
upgraded glass a bigger battery faster
charging oh there is one small little
bug bear OnePlus originally said that
the 12r had ufs 4.0 support for its
storage but it's actually 3.1 so that's
a downgrade over a OnePlus 11 if you
could get a deal on one of those but
other than that man I think the cameras
are the biggest deal and I don't know
about you guys but the only time I ever
use my ultrawide camera is when I want
to take a picture of a room and like put
markup on it like honestly that's the
only thing I think I've ever used it for
is like uh yeah um here's a picture of
this room we're going to Ikea I'm going
to write some measurements and like
where those spots are so that I can
remember what my room looks like when
I'm walking around in that Labyrinthian
store like it feels like you're in there
for so long you don't even know what
year it is or where you live anymore
both phones are only rated for ip65
water resistance which is a little on
the weaker side for a modern device but
they ' got something water related that
is pretty darn cool OnePlus has
something that they're calling Aqua
touch I'm sorry what is this hypertouch
algorithm makes it like work better when
the screen is wet I've been provided
with a spritzer bottle and I guess I'll
attempt to type a
message I mean that seems like pretty
good right let's let's go for accuracy
okay give me a 100 character sentence go
subscribe to Short
oops that was me
circuit that is pretty darn good it's
bang
on I like you uh here we go I mean what
could go
wrong um oh boy well that's something I
can't even get I can't even get a text
box hello I am
typing
oh and we lost it yeah that's pretty
much the experience I whenever my hands
are wet in the tub we're down to
34% which means it's time to try 50 W
wireless charging and what I'm really
interested in is what's shaken with our
charger here we're at 30 Watts from the
wall there will be quite a bit of
inefficiency going from AC to DC then
from DC to um magnetic induction
charging is that
it it's going down air V charging buddy
this isn't the only thing we weren't
able to see working the way OnePlus said
their frame interpolation technology we
just couldn't get it working and they're
on Chinese New Year right now so they
were like oh we can't really look into
this so your mileage may vary on that as
well but 27 Watts from the wall that
means realistically we're probably only
getting about 20 watts here it's
possible that it'll only do that kind of
speed from 0% but we're at 35 I think
it's a pretty reasonable expectation
that it would charge pretty fast when
it's at 35% oh there's one more thing we
haven't checked out the speaker ERS yet
oh my God
Google this was such a mistake what is
any of this remember when the mail icon
was red so you could actually tell what
the hell it was and when Maps was a
map sorry sorry sorry this is this is
not oneplus's
fault 100% on Google a little
bright but a big part of the problem is
how loud I have it I wouldn't normally
need this at
100%
it's really good yeah it's really clean
how about the 12r Amplified earpiece
speaker nice to see that on a budget
phone this is still an expensive phone
but it's a little thing that is often
cheaped out
on if there's a downgrade here it's not
going to affect you too much I'd say
they're not quite as bright but they're
still really loud and clear enough that
you're going to be able to enjoy pretty
much anything you would want to enjoy on
your phone speakers and otherwise you're
just going to want to get out your your
earphones or whatever the case may be
now it's time for the hard question
which one would I choose
$300 less but that does come with a
capacity downgrade here not to mention
of course the spec downgrade or $300
more but of course with more capacity
more performance and bursty loads in
particular I think this just comes down
to your budget and what kind of deal
you're going to get from your carrier as
someone who takes a lot of pict pictures
of my kids I am really not liking not
having a decent camera on my phone right
now and I'd say that that could be
something that could push me over the
edge to the 12 but I want to hear from
you guys in the comments 12 or 12 r or
something else entirely whatever it is I
don't care as long as you're subscribed
to Short Circuit